# THE MAJOR CELESTIAL OBJECT DATABASE
    #### Description:
    This program pertains to my interest in Astronomy. This program was partly inspired by the Bitcoin price index problem in the CS50 course and I wondered if I could take a different approach to extracting different data. I decided to focus on all major celestial bodies in the solar system which involves the Sun and all classified planets. Since data to do with current distance (different units and how far light can travel this distance) and things that involve visibility(). This data keeps on changing and working with prewritten data in a file wouldn't work so I would be working with obsolete data. My main solution for this was to use a combination of 2 libraries: requests and bs4. Requests would basically get all the HTML needed from a website and that HTML data would need to be inputted as a parameter when constructing a new BeautifulSoup class from the bs4 library. The beautiful soup class basically works through webscraping where it determines what to find using html tags (classes, headers, paragraphs etc.) but the data I had to extract was sandwhiched in between many different classes and headers so there are many lines of coded that I wrote to peel off layers off that sandwhich to extract the data that I wanted. My code is not the most efficient but it get's the job done. Once I had all the data I appended it into a list, of which I could access each seperate index and assign each label ( eg. distance, distance in AU) to each data value (eg. 150,000,000, 1). I distinguished the data into 3 different categories or functions  (current distance, closest approach and visibility). This was all encapsulated in a class "CelestialObject" because I'm not just dealing with one object such as the Earth or Jupiter or the Sun so the URL, html and the data extracted will all be different. I also had different properties or getter functions to check that the instance variables in my class were functional and what I expected them to be. After that it's just userinput and a userchoice to see which one of the main 3 functions they wanted the result of. I have also incorporated user validating using a while loop if the user is feeling slightly devious with their inputs.
